feat: package extension VSIX (#33)
swagger-api/apidom-lsp-vscode: README.md

        └── server.ts // Language Server entry point, uses apidom-ls
```

## Try it out

> The extension can be [installed](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_install-from-a-vsix) from the provided VSIX file (in bin/apidom-lsp-vscode-${version}.vsix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension can be [installed](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_install-from-a-vsix) from the `VSIX` file located in [bin](./bin) directory
```
